Launcher/README.md, before:

# ME : Launcher<br><br><p align="center">LAPLACE LAUNCHER</p>

<p align="center">
  <a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="Python: 3.9">
  </a><a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="OS: Linux">
  </a><a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="Version: 0.1.0">
  </a><a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="License: MIT">
  </a>
</p>

Status: **In progress**


## :placard: Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Build](#build)
- [Contacts](#contacts)


<div id='description'/>

## :pencil: **DESCRIPTION**

**Laplace Launcher v0.1.0** is a python launcher for the Engine-3D. It allows you to launch the Engine-3D with the specified project, and can launch the project with a specific version of the Engine-3D.

The Laplace Launcher is distributed under the MIT License, making it accessible for various operating systeme. It is version **0.1.0**, and this documentation was last updated on **October 16, 2023**.


<div id='build'/>

## :truck: **BUILD**

```shell
# Build
$ cd ..
$ make re
$ ./launcher
```

<div id='contacts'/>

## :mailbox_with_mail: **CONTACTS**

This launcher has been carried out by:

<table align="center">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/MasterLaplace/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/MasterLaplace?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="MasterLaplace"/><br/><a href="https://github.com/MasterLaplace/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/MasterLaplace?label=Master_Laplace&style=social" alt="Master_Laplace"/></a></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

---
<p align="center">ME.inc</p>

Commit message:

style(Launcher): add Warning in Launcher README

Launcher/README.md, after:

# ME : Launcher<br><br><p align="center">LAPLACE LAUNCHER</p>

<p align="center">
  <a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="Python: 3.9">
  </a><a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="OS: Linux">
  </a><a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.0-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="Version: 0.1.0">
  </a><a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue?style=for-the-badge" alt="License: MIT">
  </a>
</p>

Status: **In progress**


## :placard: Table of Contents
- [Description](#description)
- [Build](#build)
- [Contacts](#contacts)


<div id='description'/>

## :pencil: **DESCRIPTION**

**Laplace Launcher v0.1.0** is a python launcher for the Engine-3D. It allows you to launch the Engine-3D with the specified project, and can launch the project with a specific version of the Engine-3D.

> **Warning**
> The Laplace Launcher is still under development, and is in minor version **0.1.0**.

The Laplace Launcher is distributed under the MIT License, making it accessible for various operating systeme. It is version **0.1.0**, and this documentation was last updated on **October 16, 2023**.


<div id='build'/>

## :truck: **BUILD**

```shell
# Build
$ cd ..
$ make re
$ ./launcher
```

<div id='contacts'/>

## :mailbox_with_mail: **CONTACTS**

This launcher has been carried out by:

<table align="center">
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/MasterLaplace/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/MasterLaplace?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="MasterLaplace"/><br/><a href="https://github.com/MasterLaplace/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/MasterLaplace?label=Master_Laplace&style=social" alt="Master_Laplace"/></a></td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

---
<p align="center">ME.inc</p>
